nixos/slskd: refactor and add config file options (#281075)
NixOS/nixpkgs: nixos/doc/manual/release-notes/rl-2405.section.md

- The `hardware.pulseaudio` module now sets permission of pulse user home directory to 755 when running in "systemWide" mode. It fixes [issue 114399](https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/issues/114399).

> - The `services.slskd` has been refactored to include all configuation options in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `services.slskd` has been refactored to include more configuration options in
```

Author: done
